animal|“We need another and a wiser and perhaps a more mystical concept of animals.” — Henry Beston
animal|“An animal's eyes have the power to speak a great language.” — Martin Buber
animal|“Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms.” — George Eliot
animal|“The lower animals, like man, manifestly feel pleasure and pain, happiness and misery.” — Charles Darwin
animal|“This shews that animals not only love, but have the desire to be loved.” — Charles Darwin
animal|“Until he extends the circle of his compassion to all living things, man will not himself find peace.” — Albert Schweitzer
animal|“Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test ... consists of its attitude toward those who are at its mercy: animals.” — Milan Kundera
animal|“I believe that animals have rights which, although different from our own, are just as inalienable.” — Roger Caras
animal|“Animals are born, are sentient and are mortal.” — John Berger
animal|“Love the animals: God has given them the rudiments of thought and untroubled joy.” — Fyodor Dostoyevsky
animal|“Animals are not here for us to do as we please with.” — Ricky Gervais
animal|“Animals are the main victims of history...” — Yuval Noah Harari
animal|“All animals are equal — but some animals are more equal than others.” — George Orwell
animal|“Four legs good, two legs bad.” — George Orwell
animal|“Animals are among the first inhabitants of the mind's eye.” — Paul Shepard
animal|“It is just like man's vanity and impertinence to call an animal dumb because it is dumb to his dull perceptions.” — Mark Twain
animal|“There are two things for which animals are to be envied: they know nothing of future evils, or of what people say about them.” — Voltaire
animal|“Compassion for animals is intimately connected with goodness of character...” — Arthur Schopenhauer
animal|“We will one day think it as horrible to eat animals as we now think it horrible to eat each other.” — Rose Scott
animal|“The animals of the world exist for their own reasons.” — Alice Walker
celebrity|“A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.” — Fred Allen
celebrity|“A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.” — Daniel J. Boorstin
celebrity|“Celebrity-worship and hero-worship should not be confused.” — Daniel J. Boorstin
celebrity|“A sign of a celebrity is often that his name is worth more than his services.” — Daniel J. Boorstin
celebrity|“Celebrity is life in the third person.” — Siri Hustvedt
celebrity|“In the future everyone will be world-famous for 15 minutes.” — Andy Warhol
food|“Tell me what you eat, and I shall tell you what you are.” — Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
food|“There is no love sincerer than the love of food.” — George Bernard Shaw
food|“One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.” — Virginia Woolf
food|“The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the steak to cook.” — Julia Child
food|“‘Too much trouble,’ ‘Too expensive,’ or ‘Who will know the difference’ are death knells for good food.” — Julia Child
food|“My, I get so depressed after a poor meal; that's why I can never stay in England for more than a week.” — Julia Child
food|“Good bread is the most fundamentally satisfying of all foods; and good bread with fresh butter, the greatest of feasts.” — James Beard
food|“A desert without cheese is like a beautiful woman missing an eye.” — Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
food|“Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.” — G. K. Chesterton
food|“Cheese is the celebration of milk when it goes ‘off’ big-time-stylee.” — Stephen Fry
food|“Good food is like music you can taste, color you can smell. There is excellence all around you. You need only to be aware to stop and savor it.” — Chef Auguste Gusteau
food|“This much thou hast taught me: that I should learn to take food as medicine.” — Augustine
food|“You must be careful about what you eat, unless you want your body making heart valves out of things like bean dip.” — Dave Barry
food|“I wonder at those who think about their body's food, but do not think about their soul's food.” — Hasan ibn Ali
jazz|“I think music itself is an idea. It’s not a style, it’s not a race, it’s just an idea.” — Ornette Coleman
jazz|“There are three styles to music: improvising, composing and arranging. But all those styles use the same intervals.” — Ornette Coleman
jazz|“Making music is like a form of religion for me, because it soothes your heart and increases the pleasure of your brain.” — Ornette Coleman
jazz|“You practice so you can invent.” — Cecil Taylor
jazz|“Sometimes when it goes really well, you wonder, ‘who’s that at the piano?’” — Cecil Taylor
jazz|“To feel is the most terrifying thing in this society.” — Cecil Taylor
jazz|“Music is not material. Music is Spiritual.” — Sun Ra
jazz|“Freedom of Speech is Freedom of Music.” — Sun Ra
jazz|“Music is a plane of wisdom, because music is a universal language.” — Sun Ra
jazz|“It takes a motion to notion and it takes a notion to motion.” — Sun Ra
jazz|“We are the music we play.” — Albert Ayler
jazz|“You must know peace to give peace.” — Albert Ayler
jazz|“I’m convinced, you see, that through music, life can be given more meaning.” — Albert Ayler
jazz|“I hope to bring that spirit back into the music we’re playing.” — Albert Ayler
jazz|“Playing with Taylor I began to be liberated from thinking about chords.” — Archie Shepp
jazz|“Coltrane was perhaps the greatest radical of the avant-garde.” — Archie Shepp
jazz|“I felt that I was somewhat politicized musically, radicalized by Cecil Taylor.” — Archie Shepp
jazz|“The goal is not to make it perfect. The goal is to do the best you can do.” — Anthony Braxton
jazz|“And if the subject is improvisation, and we’re talking about music improvisation, the last thing we need is to play what you already know.” — Anthony Braxton
jazz|“The human voice is the instrument.” — Roscoe Mitchell
jazz|“The only thing you can teach a student is how to learn.” — Roscoe Mitchell
jazz|“The next step is to start with nothing and just create everything right then and there.” — Sam Rivers
jazz|“Music can get involved where energy takes you to different places.” — Pharoah Sanders
jazz|“In my music, I’m trying to play the truth of what I am.” — Charles Mingus
jazz|“You can’t make anything go anywhere. It just happens.” — Thelonious Monk
money|“Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.” — P. T. Barnum
money|“The lack of money is the root of all evil.” — Mark Twain
money|“A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.” — Jonathan Swift
money|“Money often costs too much.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
money|“When I had money everyone called me brother.” — Polish proverb
money|“Money is like muck, not good except it be spread.” — Francis Bacon
money|“Money is power, freedom, a cushion, the root of all evil, the sum of blessings.” — Carl Sandburg
money|“If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.” — Dorothy Parker
money|“A nickel ain’t worth a dime anymore.” — Yogi Berra
money|“Money won is twice as sweet as money earned.” — Paul Newman
money|“Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.” — Ayn Rand
money|“Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it.” — Benjamin Franklin
money|“A man in debt is so far a slave.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
money|“Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have.” — Will Rogers
money|“All the money you made will never buy back your soul.” — Bob Dylan
money|“Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.” — Woody Allen
money|“Money is not the most important thing in the world. Love is. Fortunately, I love money.” — Jackie Mason
money|“Money can’t buy friends, but you can get a better class of enemy.” — Spike Milligan
money|“Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells.” — J. Paul Getty
money|“The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.” — Kin Hubbard
money|“I’d like to live as a poor man with lots of money.” — Pablo Picasso
money|“That money talks, I’ll not deny, I heard it once: It said, ‘Goodbye.’” — Richard Armour
money|“Too many people spend money they earned to buy things they don’t want to impress people that they don’t like.” — Will Rogers
money|“It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.” — Oscar Wilde
money|“Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.” — Jim Rohn
politics|“Politics is people.” — Anonymous
politics|“Patriotism is in political life what faith is in religion.” — Lord Acton
politics|“All power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.” — Lord Acton
politics|“Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end.” — Lord Acton
politics|“Man is by nature a political animal.” — Aristotle
politics|“POLITICS, n. A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.” — Ambrose Bierce
politics|“POLITICS, n. The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.” — Ambrose Bierce
politics|“In politics, you have your word and your friends; go back on either and you're dead.” — Morton C. Blackwell
politics|“In politics, nothing moves unless it's pushed.” — Morton C. Blackwell
politics|“Moral outrage is the most powerful motivating force in politics.” — Morton C. Blackwell
politics|“Politics is not an exact science.” — Otto von Bismarck
politics|“Politics is the art of the possible.” — Otto von Bismarck
politics|“Too bad all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxi cabs and cutting hair.” — George Burns
politics|“Finality is not the language of politics.” — Benjamin Disraeli
politics|“It is because politics is more difficult than physics.” — Albert Einstein
politics|“Politics ought to be the part-time profession of every citizen who would protect the rights and privileges of free people and who would preserve what is good and fruitful in our national heritage.” — Dwight D. Eisenhower
politics|“Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.” — Henry Adams
politics|“The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.” — H. L. Mencken
politics|“Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.” — John Kenneth Galbraith
politics|“Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.” — Ronald Reagan
politics|“Politics is the art of preventing people from taking part in affairs which properly concern them.” — Paul Valéry
politics|“The most practical kind of politics is the politics of decency.” — Theodore Roosevelt
politics|“There is hardly a political question in the United States which does not sooner or later turn into a judicial one.” — Alexis de Tocqueville
politics|“Politics is a fascinating game, because politics is government. It is the art of government.” — Harry S. Truman
politics|“Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.” — Robert Louis Stevenson
religion|“Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.” — Martin Luther King Jr.
religion|“Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.” — Augustine of Hippo
religion|“The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays.” — Søren Kierkegaard
religion|“To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.” — C. S. Lewis
religion|“My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.” — Dalai Lama XIV
religion|“The essence of all religions is one. Only their approaches are different.” — Mahatma Gandhi
religion|“Prayer is not asking. It is a longing of the soul.” — Mahatma Gandhi
religion|“Doubt is not the opposite of faith; it is one element of faith.” — Paul Tillich
religion|“Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.” — Albert Einstein
religion|“Prayer is an act of love; words are not needed.” — Mother Teresa
religion|“There is not in the world a kind of life more sweet and delightful than that of a continual conversation with God.” — Brother Lawrence
religion|“The world is charged with the grandeur of God.” — Gerard Manley Hopkins
religion|“Just to be is a blessing. Just to live is holy.” — Abraham Joshua Heschel
religion|“Religion is the opium of the people.” — Karl Marx
religion|“Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.” — Blaise Pascal
religion|“Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.” — Voltaire
religion|“The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.” — Mark Twain
religion|“Religion. A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature of the Unknowable.” — Ambrose Bierce
religion|“I do not believe in God because I do not believe in Mother Goose.” — Clarence Darrow
religion|“Properly read, the Bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived.” — Isaac Asimov
religion|“Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man?” — Friedrich Nietzsche
religion|“Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet.” — Napoleon Bonaparte
religion|“With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil — that takes religion.” — Steven Weinberg
religion|“Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence.” — Richard Dawkins
religion|“Human decency is not derived from religion. It precedes it.” — Christopher Hitchens
science|“Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.” — Albert Einstein
science|“Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.” — Richard Feynman
science|“The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka!’ but ‘That’s funny...’” — Isaac Asimov
science|“Science is much more than a body of knowledge. It is a way of thinking.” — Carl Sagan
science|“At the heart of science is an essential balance between two seemingly contradictory attitudes—an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre or counterintuitive, and the most ruthlessly skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, old and new.” — Carl Sagan
science|“In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.” — Galileo Galilei
science|“In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind.” — Louis Pasteur
science|“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood.” — Marie Curie
science|“Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” — Arthur C. Clarke
science|“One thing about science: it works.” — Chad Oliver
science|“Science is not everything, but science is very beautiful.” — J. Robert Oppenheimer
science|“Science is the only way we have of separating the truth from ideology, or fraud, or mere foolishness.” — Robert L. Park
science|“Not explaining science seems to me perverse. When you're in love, you want to tell the world.” — Carl Sagan
science|“In science, one can learn the most by studying what seems the least.” — Marvin Minsky
sport|“Sports do not build character. They reveal it.” — Heywood Broun
sport|“The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.” — Pelé
sport|“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination.” — Tommy Lasorda
